[Music]
look out here come the ten hardest
choices you'll ever have to make
throughout our lives we are constantly
bombarded with major choices which
university should I apply to should I
take that higher paid job on the other
side of the country do I like red mm or
blue our decisions not only determine
our future but also define us and shape
our personalities in this video
Brightside offers you the opportunity to
make ten extremely difficult choices at
the end of the video we'll tell you what
kind of person you are
there are only two possible answers to
each question you need to choose between
option a and option B so this is like
the Kobayashi Maru test in Star Trek huh
as you're taking the test keep track of
how many times you choose a or B because
you'll need these totals at the end of
the video to find out your results
you'll only have five seconds to think
about each question before we give you
the explanation don't think too long and
go with your gut you'll get the most
accurate results that way here we go
counting down from number ten would you
rather a be the smartest person around
or be the most charming
[Music]
how about the one with the most money
well that's not a choice now if you
chose a it means you don't really care
about what other people think you're
just fine on your own if you'd prefer to
be charming other people's opinions are
important to you question 9 would you
rather a always have to tell the truth
or be always live can I just take the
Fifth Amendment right now now this
really is a tough choice you either
can't lie at all or you can never tell
the truth if you choose truth over lies
it indicates that you're a selfless
person question eight would you rather a
never have internet access again or B
never take an airplane in your life
[Music]
or see never have to take an enema
that's not a choice come on if you have
a fear of flying the choice might be
obvious for you but if you're an avid
traveler we feel your pain
choosing the internet over flying could
mean that you care a lot about the
environment or you just really love
watching our videos on YouTube Plus
thanks to the Internet you can visit any
country you want without ever leaving
your apartment question 7 would you
rather a find true love or B win a
million dollars can't we just do both if
you win for the money it might be an
indication that you don't really believe
in such things as true love you're
probably really practical and
unemotional question 6 would you rather
a never be able to speak again or B
always have to say everything on your
mind
[Music]
oh I like that not being able to speak
is really hard but is it worse that
you're always saying what you think your
girlfriend asks you if she looks good
and you are unable to lie and say yes
can you imagine the consequences
so maybe silence is golden or maybe
Bitcoin okay question five would you
rather a have a photographic memory or B
be able to forget anything you want what
was the question again having a
photographic memory means that you can
learn all kinds of things really easily
but you know this can be a curse you
remember all the bad things that people
normally forget so forgetting anything
that you want at any time now sounds
pretty tempting right however choosing a
photographic memory means that you are a
strong person number four would you
rather a never have sex again or B never
eat your favorite food
oh that's a tough one choosing to never
have sex probably means that you prefer
to be alone and if you opted for food
well you must really love food
I do number three would you rather a be
the only person in the world to live a
happy life or B be the only person in
the world to live an unhappy life I'm
confused now think about it for a second
this one is extremely hard - can you
really be happy in a world where there
are only unhappy people your friends
your family all having hardships except
lucky you yeah I could give it a shot no
not really question - would you rather a
be the first person to discover an
inhabitable planet or B be the inventor
of a drug that cures a deadly disease oh
that's a tricky one
[Music]
both of these things are so important
for Humanity but curing a disease means
that you can save a lot of people right
now
well discovering a planet would be a
huge leap in technology but only in the
long term so you'd probably never be
able to see it in person anyway and
question one would you rather a be poor
but be able to help people or be get
incredibly rich by hurting other people
[Music]
well this seems obvious but if you chose
option a it means you're someone who
cares about other people more than
yourself as for choosing B well it's
pretty much the opposite okay now it's
time to see the final results surprise
this was a test of how selfish you are
oh how sneaky if you chose a from one to
three times you're a pretty selfish
person very few people would like to
work with you in a team it's not that
bad though it just means that you prefer
fighting for yourself to get exactly
what you want but would you really step
on other people to get there if you
chose option A from four to six times
that means you're moderately selfish
you're like the Goldilocks of this list
not too much not too little just right
it's been eating my porridge pretty much
most people would fall into this
category you can be selfish when you
need to be
now if you chose option a from seven to
ten times you're the type of person who
is always ready to sacrifice your own
interests for someone else but will you
ever get what you want in life if you
easily give it up for others mother
Teresa she's back so what were your
results do you agree with them tell us
in the comment section below
like this video and share it with your
friends to learn what kind of people
you're surrounding yourself with don't
forget to click the subscribe button to
join us on the bright side of life
[Music]